[Richard]: Previously on Doc...
[Michael]: Dr. Larsen
has no recollection of
the last eight years.
I am retaking the Boards?
[Gina]: Your son has bipolar
and schizotypal disorders.
He needs inpatient
behavioural therapy.
So why don't you just
tell me the truth?
- About what?
- About Bill Dixon.
[Richard]: I made a
mistake and I'd be finished
if it wasn't for Amy getting
in that car accident.
Did you know that Jake
and I were together?
Am I in trouble?
[traffic whooshing]
[upbeat music]
Oh!
Mama's havin' a party for one.
Oh...
cute.
You're really cute. cute. cute.
[cars honking]
Sometimes you want the savory...
sometimes you want the sweet.
What do we have here?
- Sorry. do we know each other?
- Not yet.
But I was thinking
maybe a couple of pints
of mint chocolate chip. and we
could get cozy at your place?
[laughs]
- Are you serious?
Actually. this is even better.
- Oh my God.
- I'm doin' you a favour. honey.
Last thing you need
is more calories.
[gasps]
- Can I help you find anything?
- Like your way out?
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Nope. I'm all set.
- It's okay.
You're planning to
pay for this. right?
Can I pay with this?
[cackles]
Wait right here.
Mm! Okay.
Guess not!
Hey!
[car honks]
[grunts]
[classical music swells]
[contemplative music]
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. tell me you got
your Board results.
No and I am not
calling them again.
They're gonna think
I'm stalking them.
Does the name "Dixon"
mean anything to you?
Dixon... no. why?
I just found an email
in my drafts folder
from the day before
the accident.
The subject is "Dixon"
and then it just says.
"We should talk about this."
But I don't even know who
I was gonna send it to.
[Jake]: Dixon. I mean. it
sounds kind of familiar.
but if it's work-related. one
of the nurses should be able
to help you figure it out.
[Amy]: They don't like me.
Well. it's a good thing I do.
See you there. Dr. Heller?
Not if I see you
first. Dr. Larsen.
I'm not quite a doctor yet.
[curious music]
[Amy]: Julie. do you happen
to know who "Dixon" is?
Could that be a doctor
here? Or a patient?
Doesn't ring a bell.
Well. would you mind
looking into it?
Into the name Dixon?
I only have access to
my own patient files.
Well. we're desperately
short-staffed today
and I have a ton of
charting to do. but. sure.
when I get a moment.
I'll get right on it.
That'd be great.
Oh. and Dr. Miller
wanted to see you.
Well. it's only been
a few days. Buddy.
you need to give it some time.
We are not giving up on you.
This is us doing
everything that we can.
Okay. Okay. I love you.
And I am really proud
of... [phone hangs up]
[soft knock]
Bad time?
Uh. no. come on in.
So. you may have noticed we're
spread pretty thin today.
TJ's got the flu and Sonya is
still taking some personal time.
- So. you want me with...
- Me.
Oh. Great.
Your certification
results will be back soon.
and I haven't spent time
with you one-on-one.
Obviously. my assessment
of your skills
and your judgement will be a
big part of your presentation
to the Board for reinstatement.
- Of course.
And I assure you
I aim to please.
[chuckles]
- Shall we then?
[sighs]
So. all this started when you
hit on that woman's boyfriend?
I said "hi" to a guy.
'Cause he was cute.
Though not as cute as him.
Normal extraocular movement.
possible difficulty
with fixation.
What does that mean?
Just some technical stuff
about your eye movements.
Pretty consistent
with your head injury.
We did find a small bright
spot on your head CT.
Um. probably a small bleed
from when your head
hit the ground.
These things usually
resolve themselves.
but we would like to keep
you in for observation.
start you on medication to
prevent possible seizures
and check your
neurological exam hourly.
Or you might just need a night
to dry out. and you'll
feel much better.
So. you're saying there's
no bar on this floor.
Um. we would also
like to follow up
on your medical history.
since you were intoxicated
when you answered the
questions in the E.R.
You can tell I was intoxicated
by looking at the answers?
Is your uncle really
Captain Crunch?
[clears throat]
Mom died young. Cancer.
Dad committed suicide.
I'm sorry.
He wasn't terribly happy
about Mom dying of cancer.
But this isn't a medical
history kind of issue. right?
I mean. unless I'm genetically
unable to handle a dozen beers?
Delivery guy said
you ordered a pizza?
Yeah. like an hour ago.
Thank God!
I came into the city to
find something nice to wear.
and then I had this
episode of vertigo
and collapsed right in the mall.
Have you experienced
this before?
Uh. never this bad
and I've never had it
checked out if that's
what you're asking.
Okay. well. what you're
describing sounds like
it might be an inner ear
issue that causes falls.
it's called Tumarkin's Otolithic
Crisis or a drop attack.
Yeah. it's a crisis all right.
Um. look. I need to get
out of this hospital
by Saturday for my 10-year
high school reunion.
We'll do our best.
But. if it makes you feel
any better. I went to mine.
and it was cringingly corny
and mildly depressing.
The love of my life
is gonna be there.
The one that got away.
Well. that's a noble cause.
Olivia Hoffman.
It's her first time back home
since she moved to
London for law school.
What's she been doing
for the past 10 years?
She got married
to the wrong guy.
and they're getting a
divorce now. and. um.
well. she just sent
me a message saying
how excited she was to
see me this weekend.
Sounds like a fairytale.
[chuckles] [man]: Right.
Except I'm in this hospital bed.
And she leaves for London
the day after the reunion.
So. I... I mean. look.
this could be my one chance
to right the biggest
wrong of my life.
[Liz]: Oh my God. Julie?
Room 617. Big-city lawyer
returning to her hometown
to rekindle an old flame
with the charming. cute guy
she dated in high school.
We've got ourselves
an actual rom com!
[scoffs]
- You watch too many
Reese Witherspoon movies.
[scoffs]
Hi...
I ask for something stronger
than a damn Tylenol.
nobody helps me.
Anybody?
[IV rattling]
Excuse me?
Hey. excuse me?
Fine. I'll help myself.
Open.
[clattering] Come on! Open up!
Hey. I have a headache!
Code Gray! Code Gray!
Hey. hey. hey.
hey. hey. hey. hey!
Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Give me the pole!
[overlapping shouting]
[woman]: Move!
'Cause it's my pole!
Okay. careful!
Get off of me! Get off me!
Get your hands off of me!
I didn't do anything!
I just have a headache! I
didn't do anything wrong!
Oh my God. tell me they didn't
run out of Kung Pao today.
No. Right here. Extra spicy.
Oh. I am starving.
I told you. you can't
keep skipping breakfast.
Ah. do I need to remind
you that I just turned 40.
and it's called
intermittent fasting.
It's called cruel and
unusual self-punishment.
I told Julie to let you know
if anything changes
with Jeff Talbot.
So. take a breath and eat.
It's not that.
I'm waiting to hear from Michael
about the field trip.
30 second graders at the
Natural History Museum?
Worst thing that happens
is one of those dinosaurs
goes all Jurassic
Park on everyone.
I know. I just feel
bad about missing it.
Everything's going so fast.
Yeah. tell me about it.
Have you seen that Lucas
suddenly has hair
under his arms?
I saw Katie ogling him poolside.
Should we just arrange
the wedding now?
[Amy laughs]
Man plans and God laughs.
[phone ringing]
It's Michael.
Hey. I've been trying
to get a hold of you.
How'd it go?
What?!
Is everything okay?
I can't understand what
you're saying. Michael.
[tense music]
I'm not a drug addict!
I just got angry.
I had a headache. and
no one was helping me.
Well. usually the
nurse call button
is easier than
hurling an IV pole.
Okay. you don't understand.
I'm not violent.
This isn't like me.
Weren't you admitted
because you fell
after acting aggressively
at a convenience store?
Fine. Sometimes I am.
I. uh... look. it's
hard for me to explain.
But. uh...
I don't recognize myself lately.
It's okay. Francine.
We're gonna figure out
what's going on with you.
It's highly unlikely that
your behaviour in the hallway
is due to a minor head injury.
- Then what is it?
- Could be any number
of neurological or
psychological disorders.
So. you're saying I'm crazy?
No one's saying that.
I thought that you
were the psychiatrist.
isn't that why you're here?
She's also a neurologist.
But let's not get
ahead of ourselves.
We're giving you medication
to help calm you.
We'll get an MRI and
some related tests
and a psych assessment.
just to cross our
T's and dot our I's.
That's all.
All right?
Now. is there any family
that we can contact?
Just. uh. my sister.
But she won't care.
Uh. would you give us a moment?
Uh. let's not frontload
the worst-case scenarios.
And call the sister.
See if she has any insight.
You're fine.
You do you.
Okay. Wes. we're almost finished
with the final
portion of your V&G.
So. what exactly did the
message from Olivia say?
[laughs] - Are you still
bugging him about this?
Uh. no. it's okay. I would
actually really like the analysis.
- Okay.
- She said. "It's been too long.
I can't wait to see you!"
Exclamation point or a period?
Exclamation. And then
she sent two emojis.
One was the smiley face
with. like. the blushes.
and then two hearts.
Red hearts?
No. pink... pink hearts.
Like the big one
and the small one?
Okay. yeah. for sure.
she's totally into you.
That's like. the sign for a
new romantic relationship.
Shakespeare wrote sonnets.
We send heart emojis.
- Okay. ladies. I'm sorry but
he does need his
ears for this part.
Goggles need to go back on.
Right. Oh. okay.
[Liz]: Ready?
- Ready.
Sorry.
Am I interrupting?
Mandy? [chuckles]
What are you doing here?
You're supposed to be at work!
Um. my best friend
is in the hospital!
Where else would I be?
Oh!
Whoa. hey. hey. hey! Careful!
All right. all right.
- Sorry. Whoa!
- You. okay?
Uh. yeah. Is. uh. is a...
is that from the test?
Whoo.
- You having chest pain?
Uh. it's just a little tight.
[breathing heavily] - Okay.
this is not an inner-ear issue.
Let's order a 12-lead
EKG. troponins.
repeat chemistry and get
a stress test right away.
Uh. Dr. Hamda wants to
see you in his office.
[Woman on the phone]: So
was it booze or a fight?
Kind of both.
Plus. some shoplifting
and a fall.
Well. at least she is on brand.
Look. I really don't
have time for this.
[Amy]: Look. she
seems really scared.
and you are the only person
that she wants to see.
Right. Because
she's in trouble.
She didn't wanna see me when
I was going through my divorce
or when she lost all the
money that I lent her.
She didn't wanna see her niece
or nephew. who adore her.
Except for the one time
when she showed up
to their school recital drunk.
She has crossed the
line too many times.
just like our Dad.
How so?
First there was
drinking and then drugs.
Then he turned into a hermit.
he couldn't keep a job.
By the end. he couldn't shower
or make it to the bathroom.
And then he killed himself.
And you're thinking...
We check for early saccades
and then do genetic testing
and scans if needed.
You suspect FTD?
I know you think
that I over test
and that I always reach for
the most esoteric diagnosis.
so maybe this isn't such
a good move for me today.
but. uh. I have a
feeling here. Richard.
[knocking]
You wanted to see me?
You are aware that
what Amy cares about
more than anything right now
is becoming a doctor again?
Yes. Of course I'm aware.
And you also know there are
people here gunning for her.
hoping she fails.
And that you are
one of the people
who's been evaluating
her performance
over these past months.
So. help me to understand how
it will help her credibility
that you two are in a
romantic relationship.
What do you think that's
gonna signal to the board
about her judgement?
Did Amy say something to you?
I saw you together.
Which means you're not
as careful as you think.
Of all the people
in this hospital.
you decided your best option is
a woman at her most vulnerable
who also happens to
be your subordinate?
It's not... it's
not that simple.
Nothing with Amy is
simple right now.
That's why this is a problem.
[tense music]
Hey. how you doing?
I'm okay. Richard.
We didn't really get a
chance to talk at the...
funeral.
I'm just so sorry.
Thank you.
Well. just know that I
am here for whatever.
I can cover for you if you
need more time at home...
I don't need more time at home!
I need you to stop talking!
[footsteps clattering]
Asymmetrical atrophy in the
frontal and temporal lobes.
Hypometabolism in
prefrontal cortex.
sparing of occipital.
We need the genetic testing.
[Amy]: We got your results back.
And. unfortunately.
you have a condition
called Frontotemporal Dementia.
The symptoms. which we think
that you've already begun
to experience. include
compulsive behaviour. insomnia.
aggression. difficulty
walking and poor coordination.
And I thought I was here
for a bump on the head.
[Amy]: I'm sorry. I know how
difficult this is to hear.
And. unfortunately.
there is no cure.
A-are you saying...
[soft music]
[gasps]
How long do I have?
Most people live 6 to 10 years
after the initial
onset of symptoms.
[gasps]
Look. we can't be sure but
it's a genetic disorder.
so it's very likely that
your father had it. too.
And that's why he
acted the way he acted?
[Gina]: Some patients do
self-medicate and self-harm.
It sounds like he
sensed his decline
and made that choice
to end his life.
Um...
you said dementia?
So. does that mean I'm
gonna lose my mind?
Be unable to take
care of myself?
[sighs]
[Gina]: Obviously. this is
a tremendous adjustment.
but we're here to help you
navigate what's to come.
Medically and psychologically.
[door opens]
Frannie?
Connie?
W-what're you doing here?
We called her.
[sighs]
Why don't we let
you all catch up?
- Hi. Aunt Francine.
- Hi. baby.
Hi!
[crying softly]
[phone buzzes]
[gentle music]
[Liz]: She's the plot twist.
She's the girl next door.
who's actually right for him.
who's been there all along.
I'm telling you.
this is a movie.
Well. you don't know
either of these women.
so how do you know which
one's right for him?
It's a law. Like gravity.
Just watch.
Okay. well. I hate
to break it to you.
but gravity makes
things fall down.
[Julie snorts] [Liz scoffs]
Okay. you are missing
the forest for the trees. here!
Just look at the facts.
He owns a small-town bookstore!
[Julie]: He manages
the bookstore.
And she works in the
bakery across the street.
Inside a supermarket. part-time.
while she goes to grad school.
Yes! But they have lunch
together every day!
And their Dads are
fraternity brothers!
Oh. Okay. well. I'm glad you
have it all sorted out. Liz.
Wish it was that
easy for everybody.
Best love stories
end in tragedy.
And I've been thinking
about what to say to her
for the past 10 years.
and now I'm blanking.
It's just a DM. Wes.
not the Magna Carta.
I need your help. Mandy.
You wrote. like. all
of my essays for me
when I was in high school. you're
better at words than I am. Please.
[Peter]: You know what the key to
a woman's heart is? Ignoring her.
Makes her want you even more.
Okay. how about we ignore
you? Is that an option?
Let's see?
Whoo! Perfect.
[chuckles] Thank you.
Okay. and... [phone chime]
Sent! To my soulmate.
Soulmate. Please.
What? She's smart.
she's funny.
- And gorgeous.
- Yes. and gorgeous.
but she's really talented. too.
You remember the short story
she wrote in 10th grade?
How could I forget?
Should my heart hurt this much?
Like. uh. like literally?
Sorry. my chest is. um...
Okay. Liz. pulse is increasing.
This looks like A-fib.
not an exercise response.
Hey. okay. let's give
him an IV diltiazem
and order an echo. stat!
- What's going on with me?
Uh. we're getting
closer to finding out.
Just. just hang tight.
[dramatic music]
- This isn't good.
Hey. can we talk?
Yeah. Sure.
So. I was just wondering
what that was today?
When you undercut
me with Numeroff?
You had it wrong.
I stepped in.
We're not interns. that
wasn't a teaching session.
I don't know what
you want me to say.
How about. "I'm sorry"?
I guess this is as good a
time as any to tell you.
Numeroff's about to
announce his retirement.
and I threw my hat in the
ring to succeed him as Chief.
I thought you never wanted that.
I didn't.
Now I do.
Well. at least I understand
what you were
doing this morning.
I am the most qualified
person for that job.
And I am certainly not
gonna keep my mouth shut
just because we're friends.
I've just been punishing
her and pushing her
out of my life for something
that she couldn't control.
But you couldn't
have known that.
You can only do it
differently going forward.
Wait. so. if it is passed down.
what are the odds
that I have it?
There is a 50% percent chance
that you carry the gene.
And my kids. too?
Yeah. But if you're
negative. then so are they.
Well. those are two
very different futures.
You still have time.
Not as much as you wanted.
not the way that you wanted.
But you can choose to
spend it with your sister
and your loved ones.
- No. No.
She already dealt
with this with my Dad.
No. Connie and the kids.
they can't be around
to watch this.
And what if they have this?
Have you tested them?
If they do. we'll cross that
bridge when we come to it.
But. right now. in this moment.
you have to choose
how you're gonna spend
the precious time you have left.
It's the one thing you
still have control over.
[gentle music]
[Jake]: So. Wes.
here's the good news.
you have what's called
an atrial septal defect.
Basically. it's
just a fancy word
for having a hole in your heart.
Your vertigo was likely
caused by an arrhythmia
from too much blood
going across that hole
from your left
atrium to your right.
which would cause your blood
pressure to get very low.
and you wouldn't get
enough blood to your brain.
I'm sorry. this
is the good news?
Yes. because it is treatable.
We can do a procedure
where they use a plug
to close the hole.
It's a minimally
invasive approach
with low risk as far
as heart issues go.
Breezy recovery time.
But the bad news is
I'm not sure you're
gonna make your reunion.
Well. that's a small
price to pay. right?
Hey. you're gonna
get through this.
and I'll be on the other side.
Okay?
[gentle sentimental music]
[phone buzzes]
Just excuse me for a minute.
I hope you're not thinking
that I'm gonna jump your bones
right now because...
Michael saw us this morning.
He knows.
And he. what. called
you into his office?
Given that I'm your superior.
he made it very clear
he thinks what we're
doing is inappropriate.
Oh. are you kidding me?
- No.
- Did you tell him that we were together before?
When I was your superior?
It's not my place to share that.
Look. I didn't like being called
into the principal's office.
but he's not wrong.
Uh. lemme get this straight.
My ex-husband tells you that
it's a mistake to be with me
and you listen to him.
because you are...
what. you're protecting
your reputation?
No. To protect yours.
This is about how much you
have at stake right now.
Just think about the optics.
Even when you get
recertified. even if Richard
gives his recommendation
and the board approves you.
you're still facing
six months under review
as a first-year resident.
I appreciate you
thinking about my needs.
But I am a grown woman.
and this is a
consensual relationship.
I'm not considering your needs.
I love you.
Okay? I've loved
you for a long time.
so if that means I have
to wait a few months
or I have to transfer to a
different hospital. I will do that.
But I am not gonna be
responsible for costing you
everything that
you've worked for.
'Cause that's not
gonna be good for us.
I can't even imagine
how you had the audacity
to go to him first!
- You wanted me to come to you?
When you've been lying to me
and putting me in this position!
- Lying to you?
- Did you even think about
the fact that I'm the one
who has to defend this.
to the people coming after you?
Like I defend
everything else you do?
Nobody knows. Michael!
Katie doesn't even know!
Well. you haven't
exactly been discreet.
And in a moment when
you're trying your hardest
to be taken seriously. maybe
starting an office fling...
It's not a "fling." Michael!
We were together before
the accident for 5 months.
Well. starting up again with him
is a good way for people
to find out about that.
Look. I guess I
was careless then.
or I just thought I could get
away with whatever I wanted!
I don't know! The point is.
is it seems like it
was something real.
And now?
I don't know yet.
But it's something.
The only thing I can tell
you is that if this gets out.
it will complicate your
situation with the Board.
But you do what you want. Amy.
[tense music] [door closes]
Richard. I wanted to be
the first to tell you.
The Board and I have
decided that. uh...
we're gonna give
Amy the position.
[Richard exhales]
I...
I certainly don't want to
question your judgment. sir.
but. I have to be honest.
Amy's bedside manner
is quite problematic.
never mind her
treatment of staff...
She's an exceptional
doctor. Richard.
And I can teach
her to be kinder.
Can you. though? Teach
someone to be kinder?
[tense music]
[knocking]
- Good morning.
- Morning.
How's Francine doing today?
Her sister stayed over.
Hm.
They seem to be mending fences.
And has Connie decided
about the test?
She doesn't want it.
Hard to blame her.
50 percent chance she's
gonna get a death sentence.
Yeah. but there's a 50%
chance she can be liberated.
Now she's gonna have that
hanging over her head.
We all have tragedy hanging
over our heads. don't we?
Richard. is there something
going on with you?
Something I knew
and don't remember?
You never knew because
I never told you.
Could you tell me now?
It's Lucas.
It isn't just a
behavioural problem.
He was diagnosed with bipolar
and schizotypal
disorders. and...
we had to put him in a facility.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
[exhales shakily]
He was such a good
kid. remember?
Katie always had a crush on him.
[laughs]
I look at Francine
and I can't help but think...
It's not the same.
They can treat what he has.
I can see why Connie wants
to put her head in the sand.
I can.
It's exactly what
I've been doing.
Maybe she doesn't have to.
Maybe we could help her.
Without her knowing.
- It's not my fault!
- I did!
- But I did know better!
- No. I don't think so!
Hey. hope I'm not interrupting.
Hey. No. we're. uh.
making up for lost time.
Okay. well. I won't take
up too much of your time.
Um. you are close
to being discharged.
and I wanted to ask you. do
you know your blood type?
No. Why?
It's just a precaution.
really. but it would be good
if we could get a
blood draw from you
in case Francine ever
needs a transfusion.
She's O-negative. which is
rare. and you might be too.
Anyway. it's just a simple
blood draw and we can find out.
Sure. Whatever you need.
Uh. which arm?
[Jake]: Now. your procedure
will be endovascular.
but you will be
fully sedated. okay?
Olivia?
Wes. hi.
I just got off the
plane from London.
I saw your text that you
were in the hospital?
You came!
Yeah. I always like to check out
the local internal medicine
wards when I'm in town.
[chuckles]
[Wes]: Um. you. you.
you look great.
- Oh!
And I. well. I kinda look like
I'm in a hospital gown and haven't
showered for the last three days.
Yeah. um. this seems
like a bad time.
I'll come back. I'm sorry.
No. hey. stay. We
were just prepping Wes
here for his procedure.
Liz. we can come back.
[Mandy]: Oh. Um.
Hi.
Olivia. you remember Mandy.
right? From high school?
Yes. of course.
Hi.
You know what. I'll
let you two catch up.
Excuse me.
[pensive music]
[indistinct hospital chatter]
Wes is in the procedure now.
Well. he has Olivia.
I'm sure he'll be fine.
Want my advice?
Sure.
If he doesn't see what's
right in front of him.
he doesn't deserve you.
It's kind of complicated.
though. isn't it?
When you're friends first?
Friendship is the basis of love.
So. no. that should make
it easier. not harder.
Who are you? Dr. Phil?
Just calling it like it is.
'cause it's that kind of day.
[sentimental music]
[indistinct chatter]
Richard. Two hours late?
Oh. a family situation.
Is there a problem?
I wanted to give you another
chance to answer my question.
About what?
About Bill Dixon.
Like I told you
yesterday. after he coded.
I did multiple rounds of
CPR. defibrillation and epi.
and then I gave him Amiodarone.
That's it.
I checked the crash cart
before it was cleared.
A vial of Metoprolol
was unsealed
and looked a little light.
If you accidentally
mixed those up. you...
This is low. Amy.
Even for you.
Let's not make this personal.
Right. except your
behaviour is under review
so why not create a distraction
by taking on the guy
who could replace you?
We have malpractice
insurance for a reason
so why don't you just
tell me the truth?
He was 83 years old.
He aspirated on lunch.
got hypoxic. went
into cardiac arrest.
I followed the correct
ACLS protocols for v-fib
and despite all measures.
he went into asystole.
He could not be resuscitated.
Well. I ordered an autopsy.
If you're lying.
you're done here.
[tense music]
If it goes the wrong way.
we keep it to ourselves.
And we will have to
carry that burden.
I know.
[Richard]: Open it.
[Jake]: Hey.
Congrats. procedure went well.
Looks like we
solved this in time.
Hi.
You stayed.
Are you kidding?
This is way more exciting
than going through old
yearbooks at my parents' house.
You know. Wes is still
pretty heavily medicated.
so you might want to
come back and visit...
Olivia. I can't tell
you how happy I am
that you're back home.
And. um. this is
gonna sound weird...
[chuckles]
but I never forgot the
story you wrote about me.
back in Creative Writing.
Olivia...
I think about that
story all the time.
Oh! Oh! Oh. yeah. I
didn't write that story.
I've never been much
of a writer. you know.
aside from legal briefs.
No. some girl who
did all my homework
that year wrote it for me.
- It's Mandy.
I honestly forget who
it was at this point.
Mandy?
Yes! Yes! Oh. she was so nice.
but she was kind of dorky!
[Wes]: Wait. wait.
Mandy wrote that about me?
It's like Cyrano!
Um. where... where is she?
Is she. is she still here?
No. Wes. she left
with her dignity.
[Wes]: What? Why? What happened?
What happened?
If you knew anything
about love. you'd know.
I think I should go.
[Wes]: Wait. Wait.
uh. wait. Olivia.
I don't... hang on.
- I hope you feel better. Wes.
[upbeat music]
[clears throat]
[Richard]: Francine.
you are all ready
to be discharged.
[Francine exhales]
We know you are both
gonna have a lot of
decisions to make
about your care going forward.
so we wanted to make sure
you have all the
support that you need.
These are various
social support services.
PT. OT. cognitive behavioural.
And you have my
personal number as well.
Use it. any time for
anything you need.
Um...
I want to thank you.
All of you.
At least I understand now why
I've been acting this way.
and I can make the most of
the time that I have left.
I know that you think I'm
being cowardly. or selfish
by not getting myself tested.
- You don't have it.
What do you mean?
You know the blood
work that you did?
We sent it to the
lab to be tested.
[Richard]: You're negative.
And your children
will be negative. too.
That's good news.
[Connie exhaling]
Come here.
[chuckling]
Okay.
I-I don't know how to thank you.
There's no need.
[Connie exhales]
Are you ready to
come home with us?
Uh. oh.
She might have
talked me into it.
Something about
quality time or...
I don't know.
[Connie chuckling]
[soft music]
[indistinct chatter]
He's gonna choose Mandy. right?
Thank you. guys.
so much. Thank you.
- Bye.
- Bye!
Well. life's not a rom com.
Guess we'll never know.
[music swells]
[gasps]
Look!
[Mandy]: Hi. [Wes]: Hey.
Thanks for coming.
Aww!
Miss Cynic was rooting for
a happy ending after all!
It's gravity.
It had to go that
way. didn't it?
No. it didn't.
But he said something.
"Cause it's that kind of day."
[Julie]: What kind of day?
- I don't know.
He's got heartaches of his own.
Do you two ever stop yammering?
[Liz chuckles]
- No.
We did a good thing today.
Yeah. We did.
Not the way you would've
handled it six months ago.
What would I have done then?
Probably brow beaten
Connie for being selfish
not to get the test
so that she could
prepare properly for her family.
Wow. I am kind of glad I
don't remember any of that.
[chuckles]
So still nothing? No recall?
No. CBT. exposure therapy.
TMS. all of it leading to nada.
Well. you may not
have those eight years
of medical knowledge.
but you're still a
damn good doctor.
And you will have
my recommendation
for reinstatement.
[exhales]
I can't tell you how much
I appreciate that. Richard.
You earned it.
Um. I should tell
you something.
I have been in a
relationship with Dr. Heller.
Just for the last
couple of weeks.
But before the accident.
for a few months.
It's clearly consensual
and the power imbalance
has been at play both ways.
so. I. I don't know what
that means. but I...
it's your department
and you should know.
I can tell you that...
I've lost so much. and I
don't want to give this up
because it's good for me.
It's positive and it's just...
it's just good.
Well. why don't you
talk it over with him.
and when you're ready.
we will make everything
transparent with H.R.
Thank you. Richard.
For everything.
I'm happy for you.
[chuckles softly]
♪ It feels like we've
been holding our breath ♪
♪ Counting every minute
counting every step ♪
♪ And I know
somethings gotta give ♪
♪ We gotta keep fighting ♪
♪ Fighting ♪
♪ No we'll never stop trying ♪
♪ Keep fighting.
fighting. fighting ♪
♪ Fighting for us ♪
[♪ For Us ♪ by ROZES plays]
♪ Standing tall
with nervous hands ♪
♪ Showing up 'cause
we know we can... ♪
I know. Lucas.
I know.
♪ ...Fighting ♪
♪ No we'll never stop trying ♪
♪ Keep going. going ♪
♪ 'Cause it's all that we got ♪
♪ When the road gets tough
No we won't give up ♪
♪ I know we'll never stop ♪
♪ We're gonna keep
fighting. fighting ♪
♪ Fighting for us ♪
[click]
Sounds like quite the day.
I'm not sure we're ready to
have the whole hospital know.
and I haven't even
told Katie yet.
She's just gonna want
what's best for you.
[Katie]: Come on. guys!
Let's watch the movie!
[phone chimes]
Oh my God.
My test results.
[both gasp]
Oh. I can't.
I. I. I can't open
it. You open it.
[exhales]
Well. looks like...
you're Dr. Larsen again!
Are you serious?
[laughing gleefully]
Oh!
[squeals]
I'm so proud of you!
Can I see?
[knocking]
I ordered ice cream.
That's my girl!
I'll get it. You
guys start the movie!
Oh.
I wanted to say a few things.
Uh...
[door closes]
I read Richard's recommendation.
I understand you were
honest with him about Jake.
Guess good news travels fast.
I don't want this.
[sharp inhale]
This has been hard for me.
Harder than you know.
I'm sure.
And I'm glad you're telling me.
I guess I just missed you.
And I don't want to be
the one to push us apart.
[gentle music]
I passed the
Boards. Officially.
[both chuckle softly]
Can't say I ever had any doubt.
[laughs]
[exhales]
Thank you.
I'll let you go.
[gentle music]
Subtitling: difuze